feat(agent): persist to statefile at a regular interval (#14561)
influxdata/telegraf: docs/CONFIGURATION.md

  stateful plugins on termination of Telegraf. If the file exists on start,
  the state in the file will be restored for the plugins.

- **statefile_persist_interval**:
  The interval of time at which the state is peristed into the statefile. When
  set to 0, persist interval is disabled.

- **round_statefile_persist_interval**:

>   Rounds persist interval to 'interval'
>   ie, if interval="10s" then always persist state on :00, :10, :20, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Rounds persist interval to 'statefile_persist_interval'
  ie, if statefile_persist_interval ="10m" then always persist state on :00, :10, :20, etc.
```

Author: Should be resolved as of this [commit](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/14561/commits/35de14b84db306904d5376dbea7f3f27ece47a95)
